---
layout: post
title: "Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) in the Qur'an, the Torah, the Psalms and the Gospel"
description: In the Qur'an, our Almighty Lord promises believers a blessed dominion over the entire world. As part of that promise, those who have faith and do good works will inherit the world, and the moral values of Islam will reign.
excerpt: This means the global preeminence of beauty, fertility, joy, happiness, enlightenment, purity, peace, justice, brotherhood and love.
categories: [makale]
tags: [makaleler]
lang: en
encoding: UTF-8
feature_video: 
image:
  feature: Mahdi.jpg
---


<p>Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) in the Qur'an, the Torah, the Psalms and the Gospel</p>
<p>HARUN YAHYA (ADNAN OKTAR)</p>
<p><strong>To the Reader</strong></p>
<p>&bull; A special chapter is assigned to the collapse of the theory of evolution because this theory constitutes the basis of all anti-spiritual philosophies. Since Darwinism rejects the fact of creation&mdash;and therefore, Allah's existence&mdash;over the last 150 years it has caused many people to abandon their faith or fall into doubt. It is therefore an imperative service, a very important duty to show everyone that this theory is a deception. Since some readers may find the opportunity to read only one of our books, we think it appropriate to devote a chapter to summarize this subject.</p>
<p>&bull; All the author's books explain faith-related issues in light of Qur'anic verses, and invite readers to learn Allah's words and to live by them. All the subjects concerning Allah's verses are explained so as to leave no doubt or room for questions in the reader's mind. The books' sincere, plain, and fluent style ensures that everyone of every age and from every social group can easily understand them. Due to their effective, lucid narrative, they can be read at one sitting. Even those who rigorously reject spirituality are influenced by the facts these books document and cannot refute the truthfulness of their contents.</p>
<p>&bull; This and all the other books by the author can be read individually, or discussed in a group. Readers eager to profit from the books will find discussion very useful, letting them relate their reflections and experiences to one another.</p>
<p>&bull; In addition, it will be a great service to Islam to contribute to the publication and reading of these books, written solely for the pleasure of Allah. The author's books are all extremely convincing. For this reason, to communicate true religion to others, one of the most effective methods is encouraging them to read these books.</p>
<p>&bull; We hope the reader will look through the reviews of his other books at the back of this book. His rich source material on faith-related issues is very useful, and a pleasure to read.</p>
<p>&bull; In these books, unlike some other books, you will not find the author's personal views, explanations based on dubious sources, styles that are unobservant of the respect and reverence due to sacred subjects, nor hopeless, pessimistic arguments that create doubts in the mind and deviations in the heart.</p>
<p><strong>ABOUT THE AUTHOR</strong></p>
<p>Now writing under the pen-name of HARUN YAHYA, Adnan Oktar was born in Ankara in 1956. Having completed his primary and secondary education in Ankara, he studied fine arts at Istanbul's Mimar Sinan University and philosophy at Istanbul University. Since the 1980s, he has published many books on political, scientific, and faith-related issues. Harun Yahya is well-known as the author of important works disclosing the imposture of evolutionists, their invalid claims, and the dark liaisons between Darwinism and such bloody ideologies as fascism and communism.</p>
<p>Harun Yahya's works, translated into 72 different languages, constitute a collection for a total of more than 55,000 pages with 40,000 illustrations.</p>
<p>His pen-name is a composite of the names Harun (Aaron) and Yahya (John), in memory of the two esteemed Prophets who fought against their peoples' lack of faith. The Prophet's seal on his books' covers is symbolic and is linked to their contents. It represents the Qur'an (the Final Scripture) and Prophet Muhammad (saas), last of the prophets. Under the guidance of the Qur'an and the Sunnah (teachings of the Prophet [saas]), the author makes it his purpose to disprove each fundamental tenet of irreligious ideologies and to have the "last word," so as to completely silence the objections raised against religion. He uses the seal of the final Prophet (saas), who attained ultimate wisdom and moral perfection, as a sign of his intention to offer the last word.</p>
<p>All of Harun Yahya's works share one single goal: to convey the Qur'an's message, encourage readers to consider basic faith-related issues such as Allah's existence and unity and the Hereafter; and to expose irreligious systems' feeble foundations and perverted ideologies.</p>
<p>Harun Yahya enjoys a wide readership in many countries, from India to America, England to Indonesia, Poland to Bosnia, Spain to Brazil, Malaysia to Italy, France to Bulgaria and Russia. Some of his books are available in English, French, German, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, Urdu, Arabic, Albanian, Chinese, Swahili, Hausa, Dhivehi (spoken in Maldives), Russian, Serbo-Croat (Bosnian), Polish, Malay, Uighur Turkish, Indonesian, Bengali, Danish and Swedish.</p>
<p>Greatly appreciated all around the world, these works have been instrumental in many people recovering faith in Allah and gaining deeper insights into their faith. His books' wisdom and sincerity, together with a distinct style that's easy to understand, directly affect anyone who reads them. Those who seriously consider these books, can no longer advocate atheism or any other perverted ideology or materialistic philosophy, since these books are characterized by rapid effectiveness, definite results, and irrefutability. Even if they continue to do so, it will be only a sentimental insistence, since these books refute such ideologies from their very foundations. All contemporary movements of denial are now ideologically defeated, by means of the books written by Harun Yahya.</p>
<p>This is no doubt a result of the Qur'an's wisdom and lucidity. The author modestly intends to serve as a means in humanity's search for Allah's right path. No material gain is sought in the publication of these works.</p>
<p>Those who encourage others to read these books, to open their minds and hearts and guide them to become more devoted servants of Allah, render an invaluable service.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, it would only be a waste of time and energy to propagate other books that create confusion in people's minds, lead them into ideological confusion, and that clearly have no strong and precise effects in removing the doubts in people's hearts, as also verified from previous experience. It is impossible for books devised to emphasize the author's literary power rather than the noble goal of saving people from loss of faith, to have such a great effect. Those who doubt this can readily see that the sole aim of Harun Yahya's books is to overcome disbelief and to disseminate the Qur'an's moral values. The success and impact of this service are manifested in the readers' conviction.</p>
<p>One point should be kept in mind: The main reason for the continuing cruelty, conflict, and other ordeals endured by the vast majority of people is the ideological prevalence of disbelief. This can be ended only with the ideological defeat of disbelief and by conveying the wonders of creation and Qur'anic morality so that people can live by it. Considering the state of the world today, leading into a downward spiral of violence, corruption and conflict, clearly this service must be provided speedily and effectively, or it may be too late.</p>
<p>In this effort, the books of Harun Yahya assume a leading role. By the will of Allah, these books will be a means through which people in the twenty-first century will attain the peace, justice, and happiness promised in the Qur'an.</p>
<p><strong>CONTENTS</strong></p>
<p>INTRODUCTION 10</p>
<p>Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) in the Qur'an, the Torah, the Psalms and the Gospel 11</p>
<p>VERSES INDICATING THE COMING OF <br /> HAZRAT MAHDI (PBUH) AND THE GLOBAL DOMINION <br /> OF ISLAMIC MORAL VALUES 16</p>
<p>HAZRAT MAHDI (PBUH) IN THE TORAH <br /> AND OTHER JUDAIC SCRIPTURES 20</p>
<p>The Events Leading up to the Appearance of <br /> Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) in the Torah and Other Judaic Scriptures 21</p>
<p>The Characteristics of Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) <br /> in the Torah and Other Judaic Scriptures 24</p>
<p>The Period of Hazrat Mahdi's (pbuh) Rule <br /> in the Torah and Other Judaic Scriptures 26</p>
<p>THE PERIOD OF HAZRAT MAHDI'S (PBUH) RULE <br /> IN THE PSALMS 30</p>
<p>HAZRAT MAHDI (PBUH) IN THE GOSPEL 36</p>
<p>The Events Leading up to the Appearance of Hazrat<br /> Mahdi (pbuh) in the Gospel 37</p>
<p>The Period of Hazrat Mahdi's (pbuh) Rule in the Gospel 42</p>
<p>The Word Paraclete Mentioned in the Gospel May Refer <br /> to Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) (Allah knows the truth) 47</p>
<p>The mention in the Gospel of 'a man carrying a pitcher of water' refers to <br /> Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) (Allah knows the truth) 49</p>
<p>CONCLUSION 50</p>
<p>APPENDIX: THE DECEPTION OF EVOLUTION 54</p>
<p><strong>INTRODUCTION</strong></p>
<p><em><strong>Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) in the Qur'an, the Torah, the Psalms and the Gospel</strong></em></p>
<p>In the Qur'an, our Almighty Lord promises believers a blessed dominion over the entire world. As part of that promise, those who have faith and do good works will inherit the world, and the moral values of Islam will reign. This means the global preeminence of beauty, fertility, joy, happiness, enlightenment, purity, peace, justice, brotherhood and love. In this time, when true faith in Allah, the One and Only prevails, all superstitious beliefs and philosophies and all irreligious ideologies will disappear from the face of the earth. Almighty Allah will make the Prophet Jesus (pbuh) and Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) His instruments in this great commission in the End Times.</p>
<p>Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) is spoken of in hundreds of trustworthy hadiths handed down from our Prophet (saas); the portents of the End Times, Hazrat Mahdi's (pbuh) physical characteristics, his coming and the periods before and after his coming are all described in detail. Since, by Almighty Allah's leave, these accounts all began taking place as of Hijri 1400 (1979/1980 in the Gregorian calendar), it seems that we are now living in the End Times and Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) has already appeared. It appears from all these signs which have come about in complete agreement with the hadiths that, by our Lord's will, little time remains until the global sovereignty of the moral values of Islam under the leadership of the Prophet Jesus (pbuh) and Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh).</p>
<p>The global ascendency of the values of Islam and the way of the Mahdi are described in detail in the Qur'an:</p>
<p><strong>In their commentaries on the Qur'an, great Islamic scholars have analyzed a number of verses referring to Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) and the community of believers around him.</strong></p>
<p>In the Qur'an, Almighty Allah commands Muslims to be united and makes this an obligation for them. Throughout the course of history Muslims have lived under the leadership of the mahdis of their own times, and today they must also live under a single leader, as our Lord commands. In the End Times<strong> it is Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) who will be the spiritual leader of Muslims, who will unite Muslims together as our Lord commands.</strong> Therefore,<strong> every verse that refers to unity among Muslims refers to the way of the Mahdi.</strong></p>
<p>Our Almighty Lord reveals that there is great wisdom in the stories of the prophets in the Qur'an for clear-thinking people. Every prophet is the Mahdi of his own day. Therefore, <strong>every story of a prophet contains references to the End Times in which we are living, in other words, to the way of the Mahdi (pbuh).</strong> Our Prophet (saas) himself reveals that the stories of the Prophet Solomon (pbuh) and Dhu'l Qarnayn in Surat al-Kahf contain verses that refer to the system of the Mahdi.</p>
<p>Throughout the course of history there has been a struggle between the good and evil, between the supporters of satan and the supporters of the truth. In the Qur'an, Almighty Allah describes this great struggle and gives examples of it. Under the law of Allah, <strong>a great struggle is also taking place in the End Times between the way of the antichrist (antimessiah)</strong><strong> </strong><strong>and the way of the Mahdi</strong>.Therefore, in <strong>every verse of the Qur'an that Allah describes this struggle again refers to the system of the Mahdi.</strong></p>
<p>It is clear that, through many of the verses of the Qur'an, our Lord tells Muslims of the way of the Mahdi and the global preeminence of the moral values of Islam.</p>
<p>The coming of Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) is the greatest event in the history of the world and is therefore a fact also spoken of in other Holy Books. The Torah and the Psalms [Zabur] contain sections that have remained unaltered over time and are in full agreement with the Qur'an and the hadiths of the Prophet (saas). <strong>The verse "We wrote down in the Psalms, after the Reminder came: 'It is My servants who are righteous who will inherit the earth'."</strong> (Surat al-Anbiya', 105) says that the coming of Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) and his global jurisdiction are also spoken of in the Torah and the Psalms. Indeed, when we look at the Torah and the Psalms we see that this is set out in great detail and in complete conformity with verses of the Qur'an and the hadiths. The coming of Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh), under various names, such as "Mashiach", "the King Messiah", "Shiloh (He who is sent, the gift of Allah)" and others, is foretold in various uncorrupted sections, together with his global sovereignty. The periods before and after the appearance of Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) are also described.</p>
<p>The hadiths of our Prophet (saas) reveal that the coming of Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) is also described in all the sacred scriptures Allah revealed:</p>
<p>Naim has stated: "I find Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) thus in the pages of the Prophets (in the scriptures revealed to Adam, Seth, Enoch and Abraham [peace be upon them]): There will be no cruelty and nothing shameful in the actions of Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)." <em>(Al-Muttaqi al-Hindi, Al-Burhan fi Alamat al-Mahdi Akhir az-Zaman, p. 21.)</em></p>
<p><strong>The books of the Prophets reveal that, "The work of Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) is not cruel and evil."</strong><em>(Ibn Hajar al-Haythami, Al-Qawl al-Mukhtasar fi `Alamat al-Mahdi al-Muntadhar, p. 49.)</em></p>
<p>Ibn al-Munawisays: "Thus <strong>it is written in the book of Daniel (pbuh)... Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) will appear,</strong> and Almighty Allah will save those previously subject to persecution and believers. The sunnahs will be revived with him..." <em>(This hadith is to be found in a hand written copy of Al-Muttaqi al-Hindi, Al-Burhan fi Alamat al-Mahdi Akhir az-Zaman in the Suleymaniye Library.</em>)</p>
<p>It can be seen from these hadiths that the way of the Mahdi appears in the Holy Scriptures of all divine faiths and that Muslims will find Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) when they look in these books.</p>
<p>The coming of Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) is similarly foretold in those true parts of the Gospel that are compatible with the Qur'an. References such as "Paraclete" and "water pitcher" are noteworthy. These refer to a leader the glad tidings of whose coming in the End Times is given by the Prophet Jesus (pbuh), who will bring peace, security, unity and union to the world, and who is born under the sign of Aquarius (Allah knows the truth). (It is also highly significant that 2012 is regarded as the start of the Age of Aquarius.) The Prophet Jesus (pbuh) advises his disciples to join this trustworthy individual, who will come after him, to heed his words and to follow him to the end.</p>
<p>In addition, the signs of the End Times set out in the Gospel and the descriptions of the period following the coming of the Prophet Jesus (pbuh) and Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) are also in close agreement with verses of the Qur'an and hadiths handed down from our Prophet (saas). Therefore, all the signs of the End Times according to the Gospel have also come about one after the other. We can safely conclude from all this, on the basis of Islamic references in particular, and also of the Gospel, the Torah and the Psalms, that we are living in the age in which Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) has started his work.</p>
<p>This small book contains various verses from the Qur'an and passages from the Torah, the Gospel and the Psalms referring to the way of the Mahdi and the global preeminence of the moral values of Islam. In the End Times in which we are living, Allah the Compassionate and Merciful will make the Prophet Jesus (pbuh) and Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) His instruments in bringing about the ascendency of the true faith He has chosen for His servants, and will show the world His infinite might. The time we are living in is the beginning of a most blessed and wonderful period. The global dominion of Islam is Allah's promise, and our Lord's promise will definitely be made good.</p>
<p><strong>That is Allah's promise. Allah does not break His promise. But most people do not know it. (Surat ar-Rum, 6)</strong></p>
<p><strong>Verses Indicating the Coming of Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) and the Global Dominion of Islamic Moral Values</strong></p>
<p><em>We wrote down in the Psalms, after the Reminder came: <strong>"It is My servants who are righteous who will inherit the earth." </strong>(Surat al-Anbiya', 105) (The abjad value<sup><a href="#sdfootnote1sym"><sup>1</sup></a></sup> of the particular part of the verse is: 2020)</em></p>
<p><em>Allah has promised those of you who believe and do right actions that <strong>He will make them successors in the land</strong> as He made those before them successors, and will firmly establish for them their religion with which He is pleased and give them, in place of their fear, security. They worship Me, not associating anything with Me. Any who are unbelievers after that, such people are deviators... (Surat an-Nur, 55) (The abjad value of the particular part of the verse is: 2013)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>Allah has written, "I will be victorious, I and My messengers."</strong> Allah is Most Strong, Almighty. (Surat al-Mujadala, 21) (The abjad value of the particular part of the verse is: 2039)</em></p>
<p><em>It is He Who sent His Messenger with guidance and <strong>the Religion of Truth to exalt it over every other religion, </strong>though the idolaters hate it. (Surat as-Saff, 9) (The abjad value of the particular part of the verse is: 2021)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>It is He Who sent His Messenger with guidance </strong>and the Religion of Truth to exalt it over every other religion, even though the idolaters detest it. (Surat at-Tawba, 33) (The abjad value of the particular part of the verse is: 2005)</em></p>
<p><em>Allah confirms the Truth by His words, even though the evildoers hate it. (Surah Yunus, 82) (The abjad value of the verse is: 2042)</em></p>
<p><em>Truly We have granted you a clear victory, so that Allah may forgive you your earlier errors and any later ones and complete His blessing upon you, and <strong>guide you on a Straight Path and so that Allah may help you with a mighty help.</strong> (Surat al-Fath, 1-3) (The abjad value of particular part of the verse is: 1979)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>... He knows what each self earns, and the unbelievers will soon know who has the Ultimate Abode.</strong> (Surat ar-Ra'd, 42) (The abjad value of the particular part of the verse is: 1990)</em></p>
<p><em>It is He Who sent His Messenger with the Guidance and the Religion of Truth <strong>to exalt it over every other religion</strong> and Allah suffices as a witness. (Surat al-Fath, 28) (The abjad value of the particular part of the verse is: 2022)</em></p>
<p><em>They [the prophets] asked for Allah's victory, and every obdurate tyrant failed. (Surah Ibrahim, 15) (The abjad value of the verse is: 1995)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>When </strong>Allah's help and victory have arrived and <strong>you have seen people entering Allah's religion in droves,</strong><strong>then glorify your Lord's praise </strong>and ask His forgiveness. He is the Ever-Returning. (Surat an-Nasr, 1-3) (The abjad value of the particular part of the verse is: 2016)</em></p>
<p><em>And other things you love: <strong>support from Allah and imminent victory</strong>. Give good news to the believers! (Surat as-Saff, 13) (The abjad value of the particular part of the verse is: 1981)</em></p>
<p><em>Our Word was given before to Our servants, the messengers, that they would certainly be helped. <strong>It is Our army which will be victorious.</strong> (Surat as-Saffat, 171-173) (The abjad value of particular part of the verse is: 1994)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>He bequeathed their land, their houses and their wealth to you, </strong>and another land you had not yet trodden on. Allah has power over all things. (Surat al-Ahzab, 27) (The abjad value of particular part of the verse is: 2079)</em></p>
<p><strong>Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) in the Torah and Other Judaic Scriptures</strong></p>
<p><em><strong>The Events Leading up to the Appearance of Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) in the Torah and Other Judaic Scriptures</strong></em></p>
<p><em>The generation when the son of David [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] comes... <strong>all the governments will be turned over to Minuth (will embrace the religion of the Minim [atheism]), and no preaching will avail...</strong> (Talmud, Sanhedrin 97a)</em></p>
<p><em>In the footsteps of the Messiah [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)]... <strong>fearers of sin will be despised, and truth will be lacking. </strong>(Talmud, Sotah 49b)</em></p>
<p><em>In the generation when the son of David [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] comes... <strong>an evil man will be honored.</strong> (Talmud, Sanhedrin 97a)</em></p>
<p><em>In the footsteps of the Messiah [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)]... <strong>the government will turn to heresy, and there will be none [to offer them] reproof.</strong> (Talmud, Sotah 49b)</em></p>
<p><em>In the generation in which the son of David [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] comes<strong>&hellip; [There will be] plunderers and plunderers of the plunderers...</strong> (Talmud, Kethuboth 112b)</em></p>
<p><em>... In the seven-year cycle at the end of which the son of David [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] will come... the arrows of hunger will be sent forth... <strong>a great famine, in the course of which men, women, and children, pious men and saints will die.</strong> (Talmud, Sanhedrin 97a)</em></p>
<p><em>... <strong>The vintage shall fail, the ingathering shall not come.</strong> Smiting upon the breasts for the pleasant fields, for the fruitful vine; for the land of My people whereon thorns and briers come up; yea, for all the houses of joy and the joyous city. (Isaiah, 32:10-13)</em></p>
<p><em>In the generation when the son of David [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] will come... multitudes of trouble and evil decrees will be promulgated anew, <strong>each new evil coming with haste before the other has ended..</strong>. (Talmud, Sanhedrin 97a)</em></p>
<p><em>[Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] will not come... <strong>unless they will renounce their hope to be redeemed.</strong> (Talmud, Sanhedrin 97a)</em></p>
<p><em>In the generation in which the son of David [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] will come,<strong> the houses of assembly will be converted into houses of prostitution.</strong> (Talmud, Sanhedrin 97a)</em></p>
<p><em>In footsteps of the Messiah [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)]...<strong> a son will not feel ashamed before his father.</strong> (Talmud, Sotah 49b)</em></p>
<p><em>In the footsteps of the Messiah [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)]... the dewellers on the frontier will go about [begging] from place to place <strong>without anyone to take pity on them</strong>... (Talmud, Sotah 49b)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>I will gather all the nations... to fight...</strong> the houses ransacked, and the women raped. Half of the city will go into exile... (Zechariah, 14:2)</em></p>
<p><em>This is the plague with which the Lord will strike all the nations that fought... <strong>Their flesh shall consume away while they stand upon their feet, their eyes will rot in their sockets, and their tongues will rot in their mouths.</strong> (Zechariah, 14:12) </em></p>
<p><em><strong>... All joy turns to gloom, all gaiety is banished from the earth.</strong> (Isaiah, 24:11)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>... The foundations of the earth shake... The earth is thoroughly shaken... </strong>It sways like a hut in the wind... (Isaiah, 24:18-20)</em></p>
<p><em>The Lord of Armies will punish you with <strong>thunder, earthquakes, and loud noises, with windstorms, rainstorms, and fire storms.</strong> (Isaiah, 29:6)</em></p>
<p><em>In the seven-year cycle at the end of which the son of David [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] will come&ndash;in the first year, this verse will be fulfilled: <strong>And I will cause it to rain upon one city and cause it not to rain upon another city</strong>. (Talmud, Sanhedrin 97a)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>An oracle concerning Babylon</strong><sup><strong><a href="#sdfootnote2sym"><sup>2</sup></a></strong></sup> that Isaiah... They come from faraway lands, from the ends of the heavens... to destroy the whole country... Their wives [will be] ravished... Their houses will be looted... Their bows will strike down the young men; they will have no mercy on infants nor will they look with compassion on children. (Isaiah, 13:1, 5-16-18)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>The Characteristics of Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)in the Torah and Other Judaic Scriptures</strong></em></p>
<p><em><strong>Righteousness</strong> will be his [Hazrat Mahdi's (pbuh)] belt, and <strong>faithfulness</strong> the sash around his waist. (Isaiah, 11:5)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>With righteousness shall he</strong> [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] <strong>judge the poor, with justice he will give decisions for the poor of the earth...</strong> (Isaiah, 11:4)</em></p>
<p><em>He [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] <strong>will strike the earth with the rod of his mouth</strong> [he will influence with his words without having a weapon]; with the breath of his lips he will slay the wicked [he will make them spiritually ineffective by his speech.] (Isaiah, 11:4)</em></p>
<p><em>He [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] will [then] <strong>correct the entire world to serve God together</strong>, as is written: "For then I shall turn to the nations a pure tongue, that all shall call upon the name of God to serve Him shoulder to shoulder." [Zephaniah, 3:9] (Maimonides, Mishnah Torah, Laws of Kings 11:4)</em></p>
<p><em>"Not by might nor by power, but <strong>by My Spirit</strong>," says the Lord Almighty. (Zechariah, 4:6) </em></p>
<p><em>See, My servant [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] will act wisely; he will be raised and lifted up and highly exalted. (Isaiah, 52:13)</em></p>
<p><em>He [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] was given authority, glory and sovereign power. All the peoples, nations, and languages should serve him. <strong>His dominion is an everlasting dominion that will not pass away, and his kingdom is one that will never be destroyed.</strong> (Daniel, 7:14)</em></p>
<p><em>... Son of David [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh), like the Prophet Solomon (pbuh)]... <strong>reigned only over his couch...</strong> (Talmud, Sanhedrin 20b)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>I will take away the chariots... and the battle bow will be broken... He [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] will proclaim peace to the nations...</strong> (Zechariah, 9:10)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>... The spirit of the fear of Lord shall rest upon him [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)]... </strong>His delight shall be in the fear of Lord... (Isaiah, 11:2-3)</em></p>
<p><em>... That king who will arise from the descendants of David [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)]<strong>... will therefore [be able to] teach the people the ways of God and to fear Him...</strong> (Maimonides, Mishnah Torah, Repentance 9:2)</em></p>
<p><em>... A king [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] will arise from the House of David... and <strong>repair the breaches</strong> [in the observance of Allah's Laws]... (Maimonides, Mishnah Torah, Laws of Kings 11:4)</em></p>
<p><em>... His [Hazrat Mahdi's (pbuh)] <strong>resting-place shall be glorious</strong>. (Isaiah, 11:10)</em></p>
<p><em>He [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] smells [a man] and judges, as it is written, and <strong>he will not judge by what he sees with his eyes, or decide by what he hears with his ears; but with righteousness he will judge the needy, with justice he will give decisions for the poor of the earth. </strong>[Isaiah, 11:3-4] (Talmud, Sanhedrin 93b)</em></p>
<p><em>How beautiful... are the feet of those... <strong>who proclaim peace, who bring good tidings, who proclaim salvation...</strong> (Isaiah, 52:7)</em></p>
<p><em>The Sages did not ask him [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] <strong>for any signs or wonders.</strong> (Maimonides, Mishnah Torah, Laws of Kings 11:2)</em></p>
<p><em>He [Messiah (Hazrat Mahdi [pbuh])] <strong>will achieve great fame, </strong>and his reputation among the nations will be even greater than that of [the Prophet] King Solomon... (Maimonides, Mishnah Torah, Sanhedrin 10:1)</em></p>
<p><em>... What is his (the Messiah's [Hazrat Mahdi's (pbuh)]) name?... His name is <strong>Shiloh</strong> [sent by God, gift of God]... His name is <strong>Yinnon</strong> [His name shall endure]... His name is <strong>Haninah</strong> [blessed by God]... His name is <strong>Menachem</strong> [the comforter]... Because Menachem [the comforter], that would relieve my soul... Surely he has borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows... (Talmud, Sanhedrin 98b)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>The Period of Hazrat Mahdi's (pbuh) Rule in the Torah and Other Judaic Scriptures</strong></em></p>
<p><em>And at that time... <strong>the earth shall be filled with the knowledge of God...</strong> (Maimonides, Mishnah Torah, Laws of Kings 12:5)</em></p>
<p><em>Gladness and joy will overtake them, <strong>and sorrow and sighing will flee away.</strong> (Isaiah, 51:11)</em></p>
<p><em>And at that time [Hazrat Mahdi's (pbuh) time]... <strong>they will perceive the esoteric truths and comprehend their Creator's wisdom as is the capacity of man.</strong> As it is written: "For the earth shall be filled with knowledge of God, as the waters cover the sea..." (Maimonides, Mishnah Torah, Laws of Kings 12:5)</em></p>
<p><em>... In the last days... He [the Lord]... will settle disputes for many peoples... <strong>Nation will not take up sword against nation, nor will they train for war anymore.</strong> (Isaiah, 2:2-4; Micah, 4:1-3)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>... Burn them [the weapons] up&mdash;the small and large shields, the bows and arrows, the war clubs and spears...</strong> They will use them for fuel... declares the Sovereign Lord. (Ezekiel, 39:9-10)</em></p>
<p><em>The wolf will live with the lamb, the leopard will lie down with the goat, the calf and the lion and the yearling together, and a little child will lead them... The lion will eat straw like the ox. The infant will play near the hole of the cobra, and the young child put his hand into the viper's nest. <strong>They will neither harm nor destroy... </strong>(Isaiah, 11:6-9)</em></p>
<p><em>Then will <strong>the eyes of the blind be opened and the ears of the deaf unstopped. Then will the lame leap like a deer, and the mute tongue shout for joy...</strong> (Isaiah, 35:5-6)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>Water will gush forth in the wilderness and streams in the desert. </strong>The burning sand will become a pool, the thirsty ground bubbling springs... (Isaiah, 35:6-7)</em></p>
<p><em>I will call for the grain and make it plentiful... <strong>I will increase the fruit of the trees and the crops of the field.</strong> (Ezekiel, 36:29-30)</em></p>
<p><em>In that time [Hazrat Mahdi's (pbuh) era] <strong>there will be neither famine nor war, neither envy nor strife. </strong>All good things will be bestowed in abundance, and all delicacies will be accessible like dust. (Maimonides, Mishnah Torah, Laws of Kings 12:5)</em></p>
<p><em>They will feed beside the roads and find pasture on every barren hill. <strong>They will neither hunger nor thirst...</strong> (Isaiah, 49:9-10) </em></p>
<p><em>In the generation in which the son of David [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] will come...<strong> all the wild trees... will bear fruit;</strong> for it is said in Scripture, for the tree bears its fruit, the fig-tree and the vine do yield their strength. [Joel, 2:22] (Talmud, Kethuboth, 112b)</em></p>
<p><em>The Lord will be Ruler over the whole earth. <strong>On that day there will be one Lord, and His name the only name. </strong>(Zechariah, 14:9)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>... For the earth will be full of the knowledge of the Lord</strong> as the waters cover the sea... (Isaiah, 11:9)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>... They will see the Glory of the Lord, the splendor of our God.</strong> (Isaiah, 35:2)</em></p>
<p><em>... The Lord alone will be exalted in that day, and <strong>the idols will totally disappear.</strong> (Isaiah, 2:17-18)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>They will follow My laws and be careful to keep My decrees.</strong> (Ezekiel, 37:24)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>They will no longer defile themselves with their idols and vile images or with any of their offenses,</strong> for I will save them from all their sinful backsliding and I will cleanse them... (Ezekiel, 37:23-24)</em></p>
<p><em>... [At the time of Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh), people] <strong>will do no wrong; they will speak no lies</strong>, nor will deceit be found in their mouths... (Zephaniah, 3:13)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>Justice will dwell </strong>in the desert and righteousness live in the fertile field. (Isaiah, 32:16)</em></p>
<p><em>.... <strong>You will eat all the food you want and live in safety in your land. </strong>I will grant peace in the land, and you will lie down and no one will make you afraid. I will remove savage beasts from the land, and <strong>the sword will not pass through your country.</strong> (Leviticus, 26:5-6)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>... They will rebuild the ruined cities and live in them...</strong> (Amos, 9:14)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>... The loftiness of man shall be bowed down, and the haughtiness of men shall be brought low...</strong> (Isaiah, 2:17)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>No longer will the fool be called noble, nor the scoundrel be highly respected.</strong> (Isaiah, 32:5)</em></p>
<p><em>... In the [Hazrat Mahdi's (pbuh)] age... <strong>with very little effort they will be able to accomplish very much.</strong> (Maimonides, Mishnah Torah, Sanhedrin 10:1)</em></p>
<p><em>The Messianic age [the age of Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] will be... <strong>outstanding in wisdom...</strong> (Maimonides, Mishnah Torah, Sanhedrin 10:1)</em></p>
<p><em>... In those days [of Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] <strong>knowledge, wisdom and truth will be increased in the world, </strong>as it is written "... and I will take away the stony heart out of your flesh"... (Maimonides, Mishnah Torah, Repentance 9:2)</em></p>
<p><strong>The Period of Hazrat Mahdi's (pbuh) Rule in the Psalms</strong></p>
<p><em><strong>Trust in the Lord and do good... Delight yourself in the Lord</strong> and He will give you the desires of your heart. Commit your way to the Lord; trust in Him... <strong>Those who hope in the Lord will inherit the land...</strong> (Psalms, 37:3-5, 9)</em></p>
<p><em>... <strong>The meek will inherit the land</strong> and enjoy great peace... for the power of the wicked will be broken, the Lord upholds the righteous. The days of the blameless are known to the Lord and their inheritance will endure forever... (Psalms, 37:11, 17-18)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>All the ends of the earth will remember and turn to the Lord</strong>, and all the families of the nations will bow down before him, for dominion belongs to the Lord. (Psalms, 22:27-28)</em></p>
<p><em>Here I will make a horn grow for David [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] and set up a lamp for My anointed one. <strong>I will clothe his enemies with shame, but the crown on his head will be resplendent. </strong>(Psalms, 132:17-18)</em></p>
<p><em>Who, then, is the man that <strong>fears the Lord?</strong>... He will spend his days in prosperity, and his <strong>descendants will inherit the land.</strong> The Lord confides in those who fear Him. (Psalms, 25:12-14)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>Through the victories You gave, his glory is great; You have bestowed on him splendor and majesty. Surely You have granted him eternal blessings and made him glad with the joy of Your Presence.</strong> For the king [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] trusts in the Lord; through the unfailing love of the Most High he will not be shaken. (Psalms, 21:5-7)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>May the King's [Hazrat Mahdi's (pbuh)] name endure for ever; may his name be continued as long as the Sun;</strong> may men also bless themselves by him; may all nations call him happy. (Psalms, 72:17)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>Let your sharp arrows pierce the hearts of the king's enemies </strong>[Hazrat Mahdi's (pbuh) words are so wise and affective that he will make the irreligious ideologies ineffective]. <strong>Let the nations fall beneath your feet </strong>[all the people will be subject to Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)]. (Psalms, 45:5)</em></p>
<p><em>He [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] will <strong>rule from sea to sea and from the River </strong>[Euphrates] to the ends of the earth. (Psalms, 72:8)</em></p>
<p><em>Through the victories You gave, his [Hazrat Mahdi's (pbuh)] glory is great; <strong>You have bestowed on him splendor and majesty. </strong>(Psalms, 21:5)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>You welcomed him [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] with rich blessings </strong>and placed a crown of pure gold on his head. He asked You for life, and<strong> You gave it to him...</strong> (Psalms, 21:3-4)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>He gives His king [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] great victories; </strong>He shows unfailing kindness to his anointed ... forever. (2 Samuel, 22:51; Psalms, 18:50)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>You are the most handsome of the sons men; grace is poured upon your lips...</strong> (Psalms, 45:2)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>... You have bestowed on him [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] splendor and majesty.</strong> (Psalms, 21:5)</em></p>
<p><em>... <strong>A scepter of justice </strong>will be the scepter of your [Hazrat Mahdi&rsquo;s (pbuh)] kingdom. <strong>You love righteousness and hate wickedness</strong>... (Psalms, 45:6-7)</em></p>
<p><em>For he [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] <strong>will deliver the needy who cry out, the afflicted who have no one to help</strong>. He [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] will have pity on the poor and needy, and the souls of the needy he will save. He [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] <strong>will redeem their soul from oppression and violence, and precious will their blood be in his sight.</strong> (Psalms, 72:12-14) </em></p>
<p><em>He [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] <strong>will defend the afflicted among the people, and save the children of the needy...</strong> (Psalms, 72:4)</em></p>
<p><em>O mighty one [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)]; <strong>clothe yourself with splendor and majesty.</strong> (Psalms, 45:3)</em></p>
<p><em>He [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] will be like rain falling on a mown field, like showers watering the earth. In his days, the righteous will flourish; <strong>prosperity will abound till the Moon is no more.</strong> (Psalms, 72:6-7)</em></p>
<p><em>I will clothe his enemies with shame, but <strong>the crown on his head will be resplendent</strong>. (Psalms, 132: 18)</em></p>
<p><em>O Lord, the king [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] rejoices in your strength. <strong>How great is his joy in the victories You give!</strong> You have granted him the desire of his heart and have not withheld the request of his lips. (Psalms, 21:1-2)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>Surely You have granted him [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] eternal blessings...</strong> (Psalms, 21:6)</em></p>
<p><em>Why do the nations conspire and the peoples plot in vain? <strong>The kings of the earth take their stand and the rulers gather together against the Lord and against His anointed one [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)]. </strong>"Let us break their chains," they say, "and throw off their fetters." (Psalms, 2:1-3)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>You will rule them with an iron scepter; you will dash them to pieces like pottery</strong> [that is, Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) will demolish the irreligious systems by his ideas]. (Psalms, 2:9)</em></p>
<p><strong>Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) in the Gospel</strong></p>
<p><em><strong>The Events Leading up to the Appearance of Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) in the Gospel</strong></em></p>
<p><em>As Jesus was sitting on the Mount of Olives, the disciples came to him privately. "Tell us," they said, "when will this happen, and what will be the sign of your coming and of the end of the age?" Jesus answered: "Watch out that no one deceives you. <strong>For many will come in my name, claiming, 'I am the Messiah,' and will deceive many. You will hear of wars and rumors of wars, but see to it that you are not alarmed</strong>. Such things must happen, but the end is still to come. <strong>Nation will rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom. There will be famines and earthquakes in various places.</strong> All these are the beginning of birth pains. <strong>Then you will be handed over to be persecuted and put to death, and you will be hated by all nations because of me. At that time many will turn away from the faith and will betray and hate each other, and many false prophets will appear and deceive many people. Because of the increase of wickedness, the love of most will grow cold. </strong>But the one who stands firm to the end will be saved. And this gospel of the kingdom will be preached in the whole world as a testimony to all nations, and then the end will come.&rdquo; (Matthew, 24:3-14)</em></p>
<p><em>... [That day will not come] <strong>until the rebellion occurs..</strong>. (2 Thessalonians, 2:3)</em></p>
<p><em>But, dear friends, remember what the apostles of Jesus Christ foretold. They said to you, <strong>"In the last times there will be scoffers who will follow their own ungodly desires."</strong> These are the people who divide you, who follow mere natural instincts and do not have the spirit. (Jude, 1:17-19)</em></p>
<p><em>For although they knew God, <strong>they neither glorified Him as God [God is beyond that] nor gave thanks to Him</strong>, but their thinking became futile and their foolish hearts were darkened. Although they claimed to be wise, they became fools. <strong>and exchanged the glory of the immortal God for images made to look like a mortal human being and birds and animals and reptiles...</strong> They exchanged the truth about God for a lie, <strong>and worshiped and served created things [God is beyond that] rather than the Creator</strong>&mdash;Who is forever praised. Amen. (Romans, 1:21-25)</em></p>
<p><em>For the time will come <strong>when men will not put up with sound doctrine.</strong> Instead...<strong>they will gather around them a great number of teachers to say what their itching ears want to hear.</strong> (2 Timothy, 4:3-4)</em></p>
<p><em>But mark this: There will be terrible times in the last days. <strong>People will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, boastful, proud, abusive, disobedient to their parents, ungrateful, unholy, without love, unforgiving, slanderous, without self-control, brutal, not lovers of the good, There will be... in the last days treacherous, rash, conceited, lovers of pleasure rather than lovers of God&mdash;having a form of godliness, but denying its power. Have nothing to do with them.</strong> (2 Timothy, 3:1-5) </em></p>
<p><em><strong>... You will be brought before kings and governors, </strong>and all on account of my name [the name of the Prophet Jesus (pbuh)]... <strong>You will be betrayed even by parents, brothers, relatives and friends, and they will put some of you to death. All men will hate you because of me</strong> [the Prophet Jesus (pbuh)]... By standing firm, you will gain life. [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) and his followers will be similarly oppressed.] (Luke, 21:12, 16, 17, 19)</em></p>
<p><em>When you hear of wars and revolutions, do not be frightened. These things must happen first, but the end will not come right away. Then he [the Prophet Jesus (pbuh)] said to them: <strong>"Nation will rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom. There will be great earthquakes, famines and pestilences in various places, and fearful events and great signs from heaven."</strong> (Luke, 21:9-11)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>There will be signs in the Sun, Moon and stars. On the earth, nations will be in anguish and perplexity at the roaring and tossing of the sea. People will faint from terror,</strong> apprehensive of what is coming on the world... (Luke, 21:25-26)</em></p>
<p><em>It was the same in the days of Lot. People were eating and drinking, buying and selling, planting and building. But the day Lot left Sodom,<strong> fire and sulfur rained down from heaven and destroyed them all. It will be just like this on the day the Son of Man [the Prophet Jesus (pbuh)] is revealed.</strong> (Luke, 17:28-30)</em></p>
<p><em>Just as it was in the days of Noah, <strong>so also will it be in the days of the Son of Man [before the Prophet Jesus' (pbuh) coming]. </strong>People were eating, drinking, marrying and being given in marriage up to the day Noah entered the ark. Then the flood came and destroyed them all. (Luke, 17:26-27)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>[It] was given power to take peace from the earth</strong> and to make men slay each other... (Revelation, 6:4)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>Brother will betray brother to death, and a father his child. Children will rebel against their parents and have them put to death.</strong> (Mark, 13:12)</em></p>
<p><em>Some of his disciples were remarking about how the Temple was adorned with beautiful stones and with gifts dedicated to God. But Jesus said, "<strong>As for what you see here, the time will come when not one stone will be left on another...</strong>" (Luke, 21:5-6)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>The merchants of the earth will weep and mourn over her [Babylon</strong><sup><strong><a href="#sdfootnote3sym"><sup>3</sup></a></strong></sup><strong>] because no one buys their cargoes any more</strong>&mdash;cargoes of gold, silver, precious stones and pearls; fine linen, purple, silk and scarlet cloth; every sort of citron wood, and articles of every kind made of ivory, costly wood, bronze, iron and marble; cargoes of cinnamon and spice, of incense, myrrh and frankincense... and olive oil, of fine flour and wheat; cattle and sheep; horses and carriages... They will say, '<strong>The fruit you longed for is gone from you. All your riches and splendor have vanished...</strong>' The merchants who sold these things and gained their wealth from her will stand far off, terrified at her torment... and cry out: 'Woe! Woe to<strong> you, great city</strong>, dressed in fine linen, purple and scarlet, and glittering with gold, precious stones and pearls! <strong>In one hour such great wealth has been brought to ruin!</strong>' Every sea captain, and all who travel by ship, the sailors, and all who earn their living from the sea, will stand far off. When <strong>they see the smoke of her burning, they will exclaim,</strong> 'Was there ever a city like this great city?' They will throw dust on their heads, and with weeping and mourning cry out: &lsquo;Woe! Woe to you, great city, where all who had ships on the sea became rich through her wealth! <strong>In one hour she has been brought to ruin!'... With such violence the great city of Babylon will be thrown down, </strong>never to be found again. (Revelation, 18:11-21)</em></p>
<p><em>Dear children, this is the last hour; <strong>and as you have heard that the antichrist is coming,</strong> even now many antichrists have come. This is how we know it is the last hour. (1 John, 2:18)</em></p>
<p><em>And then the lawless one <strong>[antichrist] will be revealed, whom... Jesus will overthrow with the breath of his mouth and destroy by the splendor of his coming.</strong> (2 Thessalonians, 2:8)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>The Period of Hazrat Mahdi's (pbuh) Rule in the Gospel</strong></em></p>
<p><em><strong>Blessed are the meek, for they will inherit the earth.</strong> (Matthew, 5:5)</em></p>
<p><em>When these things begin to take place, stand up and lift up your heads, because your redemption is drawing near. He [the Prophet Jesus (pbuh)] told them this parable: "Look at the fig tree and all the trees. When they sprout leaves, you can see for yourselves and know that summer is near. <strong>Even so, when you see these things happening, you know that the kingdom of God is near.</strong>" (Luke, 21:28-31)</em></p>
<p><em>Now learn this lesson from the fig tree: As soon as its twigs get tender and its leaves come out, you know that summer is near. <strong>Even so, when you see all these things, you know that it [return of the Prophet Jesus (pbuh)] is near, right at the door. </strong>(Matthew, 24:32-33)</em></p>
<p><em>... [From now on] the city does not need the Sun or the Moon to shine on it, for the Glory of God gives it light... There will be no more night. They will not need the light of a lamp or the light of the Sun, <strong>for the Lord God will give them light. And they will reign for ever and ever.</strong> (Revelation, 21:23-25; 22:5)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>I will put My laws in their minds and write them on their hearts.</strong> No longer will a man teach his neighbor, or a man his brother, saying, "Know the Lord,"&mdash;<strong>because they will all know Me, from the least of them to the greatest.</strong> (Hebrews, 8:10-11)</em></p>
<p><em>For as lightning that comes <strong>from the east is visible even in the west, so will be the coming of the Son of Man</strong> [the Prophet Jesus (pbuh)]. [The light of faith will prevail the earth.] (Matthew, 24:27)</em></p>
<p><em>Even on My servants, both men and women, <strong>I will pour out My Spirit </strong>in those days and <strong>they will have morals like Prophets</strong>. (Acts, 2:18)</em></p>
<p><em>But mark this:... in the last days... [those who oppose the truth], men of depraved minds, who, as far as the faith is concerned, are rejected. But they will not get very far because... <strong>their folly will be clear to everyone.</strong> (2 Timothy, 3:8-9)</em></p>
<p><em>Has not God chosen those who are poor in the eyes of the world to <strong>be rich in faith</strong> and <strong>to inherit the kingdom </strong>He promised those who love Him? (James, 2:5)</em></p>
<p><em>He will wipe every tear from their eyes. <strong>There will be no more death or mourning or crying or pain...</strong> (Revelation, 21:4)</em></p>
<p><em>Now when he saw the crowds, he went up on a mountainside and sat down. His disciples came to him, and he began to teach them saying: "Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of Heaven. Blessed are those who mourn for they will be comforted. <strong>Blessed are the meek, for they will inherit the earth. </strong>Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness, or they will be filled. Blessed are the merciful for they will be shown mercy. Blessed are the pure in heart, for they will see God. <strong>Blessed are the peacemakers, for they will be called servants of God. Blessed are those who are persecuted because of righteousness, for theirs is the kingdom of Heaven...</strong>" (Matthew, 5:1-11) </em></p>
<p><em>The nations will walk by its light, <strong>and the kings of the earth will bring their splendor into it. </strong>On no day will its gates ever be shut, for there will be no night there. The glory and honor of the nations will be brought into it. (Revelation, 21:24-26)</em></p>
<p><em>He has raised up a horn of salvation for us in the house of his servant David (as he said through his holy prophets of long ago), <strong>salvation from our enemies and from the hand of all who hate us. </strong>(Luke, 1:69-71)</em></p>
<p><em>... As it is written: "The deliverer [Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh)] will come... [and] <strong>he will turn Godlessness away from Jacob.</strong>" (Romans, 11:26)</em></p>
<p><em>He threw him [the antichrist] into the abyss, <strong>and locked and sealed it over him, to keep him from deceiving the nations anymore... </strong>(Revelation, 20:3)</em></p>
<p><em>... <strong>Through them you may participate in the Divine nature</strong> and escape the corruption in the world caused by evil desires. (2 Peter, 1:4)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>Never again will they hunger; never again will they thirst...</strong> (Revelation, 7:16)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>The Word Paraclete Mentioned in the Gospel May Refer to Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) (Allah knows the truth)</strong></em></p>
<p><em><u><strong>Paraclete: Helper, the spirit of truth, comforter</strong></u></em></p>
<p><em>If you love me, you will obey what I command. And I will ask God, and <strong>He will give you another Paraclete...</strong> (John, 14:15-16)</em></p>
<p><em>But <strong>the Paraclete whom God will send in my name, will teach you all things and will remind you of everything I have said to you.</strong> (John, 14:26)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>When the Counselor (Paraclete) comes... he will testify about me.</strong> And you also must testify about me... (John, 15:26-27)</em></p>
<p><em>But I tell you the truth: It is for your good that I am going away. <strong>Unless I go away, the Paraclete will not come to you;</strong> but if I go, I will send him to you. <strong>When he comes, he will convict the world of guilt in regard to sin and righteousness and judgment.</strong> (John, 16:7-8)</em></p>
<p><em>In regard to sin, because men do not believe in me; in regard to righteousness, because I am going to God, where you can see me no longer; and in regard to judgment, because the ruler of this world has been judged. "I have much more to say to you, more than you can now bear. But when <strong>he, the spirit of truth, comes, he will guide you into all truth. He will not speak on his own; he will speak only what he hears, and he will tell you what is yet to come. </strong>(John, 16:8-13)</em></p>
<p><em>[Jesus]: I will not speak with you much longer, for <strong>the ruler of this world is coming.</strong> He has no hold on me. (John, 14:30)</em></p>
<p><em><strong>The mention in the Gospel of 'a man carrying a pitcher of water' refers to Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) (Allah knows the truth)</strong></em></p>
<p>In astrology, the concept of "a man carrying a pitcher of water" refers to the House of Aquarius. This may be a sign that Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) will also be born under the sign of Aquarius. (Allah knows the truth.) The Prophet Jesus (pbuh) advised his disciples and all Christians to obey and heed this reliable person from the House of Aquarius, and counselled them to follow him right to the end. The Gospel refers to this person, an Aquarian, as follows:</p>
<p><em>Where do you want us to prepare for it?" They [the Disciples] asked. He [Jesus] replied, "As you enter the city, <strong>a man carrying a pitcher of water will meet you. Follow him to the house that he enters"</strong>. (Luke 22, 9-10)</em></p>
<p><em>... So he sent two of his disciples, telling them, "Go into the city, and <strong>a man carrying a pitcher of water will meet you. Follow him....</strong>" (Mark 14, 13)</em></p>
<p><strong>CONCLUSION</strong></p>
<p>The time of the coming of the Prophet Jesus (pbuh) and Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) in the End Times is great glad tidings from our Almighty Lord to all mankind. With the coming of these holy individuals, all superstitious beliefs and irreligious ideologies will disappear. In this way, people living under oppression, deprived of love and peace, in the darkness of a materialist world in which spiritual values such as affection, friendship, compassion, loyalty and respect have been forgotten, will witness a time when profound faith and superior moral values reign, and when love is experienced to the full by all. In this time, when faith in Allah the One and Only will prevail, there will be no more corruption, war and conflict will come to an end and no blood will be shed. People will come to a time of peace, justice and brotherhood they longed for over hundreds of years; by Almighty Allah's leave, they will witness a glorious Golden Age.</p>
<p>These are the glad tidings of the "Mahdi," whom our Lord foretells for the End Times in the Qur'an, the Torah and the Gospel, who is also foretold in other Islamic and Judaic sources, and who has been known and awaited for thousands of years. As can be seen from the portents of the End Times taking place one after the other, we are in the End Times now, and the whole world is under the shadow of Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh), sent with the title of a "guide" by Allah to bring about the dominion of Islamic morals for the final time. And by the will of Allah, Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) will successfully discharge this sublime task written in his destiny and will cause faith in Allah and the superior moral values beloved of Allah to rule the world. With the coming of Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh), the oppression, fear, hatred, anger, enmity, tension, bloodshed, violence, terror, lovelessness, bigotry and immorality that currently dominate the world will come to a total end. By our Almighty Lord's leave, all Muslims, Christians and Jews will live together in friendship and brotherhood and peace will reign over all the world.</p>
<p>One of the greatest duties in the current age of all genuine Muslims, Christians and Jews who believe in the oneness of Allah is to impart the glad tidings of Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh). The coming of Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh), foretold in all three revealed religions, must spread across the world. They must sincerely believe that all the troubles and problems afflicting the world will come to an end with the appearance of Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh), they must all prepare the way for his coming, and must impart the good news of the seeds of peace, brotherhood and love that he will sow. In addition, they must strive to thwart the sinister maneuvers of those who encourage war by sowing the seeds of division between sects or faiths, who cause artificial divisions between Muslims, Christians and Jews and who seek to destroy the unity among believers. This is a responsibility befalling all true believers from the three divine faiths.</p>
<p>It must not be forgotten that the moral values loved by our Almighty Lord are those of paradise. There will be no war, anger or enmity in paradise. Therefore, the moral values that true believers must cause to prevail on earth, must be those of paradise. These values, which will rule the whole world through Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh), will, by way of the friends of Allah and by His leave, grow and gain strength in the holy period we are living in.</p>
<p><strong>You who believe! Enter absolutely into peace. Do not follow in the footsteps of satan. He is an outright enemy to you. (Surat al-Baqara, 208)</strong></p>
<p><strong>Appendix</strong></p>
<p><strong>The Deception of Evolution</strong></p>
<p>Darwinism, in other words the theory of evolution, was put forward with the aim of denying the fact of Creation, but is in truth nothing but failed, unscientific nonsense.<strong> This theory, which claims that life emerged by chance from inanimate matter, was invalidated by the scientific evidence of miraculous order in the universe and in living things, as well as by the discovery of more than 300 million fossils revealing that evolution never happened. </strong>In this way, <strong>science confirmed the fact that Allah created the universe and the living things in it.</strong> The propaganda carried out today in order to keep the theory of evolution alive is based solely on the distortion of the scientific facts, biased interpretation, and lies and falsehoods disguised as science.</p>
<p>Yet this propaganda cannot conceal the truth. The fact that <strong>the theory of evolution is the greatest deception in the history of science</strong> has been expressed more and more in the scientific world over the last 20-30 years. Research carried out after the 1980s in particular has revealed that the claims of Darwinism are totally unfounded, something that has been stated by a large number of scientists. In the United States in particular, many scientists from such different fields as biology, biochemistry and paleontology recognize the invalidity of Darwinism and employ the fact of Creation to account for the origin of life.</p>
<p>We have examined the collapse of the theory of evolution and the proofs of Creation in great scientific detail in many of our works, and are still continuing to do so. Given the enormous importance of this subject, it will be of great benefit to summarize it here.</p>
<p><em><strong>The Scientific Collapse of Darwinism</strong></em></p>
<p>As <strong>a pagan doctrine </strong>going back as far as ancient Greece, the theory of evolution was advanced extensively in the nineteenth century. The most important development that made it the top topic of the world of science was Charles Darwin's The Origin of Species, published in 1859. In this book, he opposed, in his own eyes, the fact that Allah created different living species on Earth separately, for he erroneously claimed that all living beings had a common ancestor and had diversified over time through small changes. <strong>Darwin's theory was not based on any concrete scientific finding; as he also accepted, it was just an "assumption." </strong>Moreover, as Darwin confessed in the long chapter of his book titled <strong>"Difficulties on Theory," the theory failed in the face of many critical questions. </strong></p>
<p>Darwin invested all of his hopes in new scientific discoveries, which he expected to solve these difficulties. However, contrary to his expectations, scientific findings expanded the dimensions of these difficulties. The defeat of Darwinism in the face of science can be reviewed under three basic topics:</p>
<p>1) The theory cannot explain how life originated on Earth.</p>
<p>2) No scientific finding shows that the "evolutionary mechanisms" proposed by the theory have any evolutionary power at all.</p>
<p>3) The fossil record proves the exact opposite of what the theory suggests.</p>
<p>In this section, we will examine these three basic points in general outlines:</p>
<p><em><strong>The First Insurmountable Step: The Origin of Life</strong></em></p>
<p>The theory of evolution posits that all living species evolved from a single living cell that emerged on Earth 3.8 billion years ago, supposed to have happened as a result of coincidences. How a single cell could generate millions of complex living species and, if such an evolution really occurred, why traces of it cannot be observed in the fossil record are some of the questions that the theory cannot answer. However, first and foremost, we need to ask: <strong>How did this "first cell" originate?</strong></p>
<p>Since the theory of evolution ignorantly denies Creation, it maintains that the "first cell" originated as a product of blind coincidences within the laws of nature, without any plan or arrangement. According to the theory, inanimate matter must have produced a living cell as a result of coincidences. Such a claim, however, is inconsistent with the most unassailable rules of biology.</p>
<p><em><strong>"Life Comes From Life"</strong></em></p>
<p>In his book, Darwin never referred to the origin of life. The primitive understanding of science in his time rested on the assumption that living beings had a very simple structure. Since medieval times, spontaneous generation, which asserts that non-living materials came together to form living organisms, had been widely accepted. It was commonly believed that insects came into being from food leftovers, and mice from wheat. Interesting experiments were conducted to prove this theory. Some wheat was placed on a dirty piece of cloth, and it was believed that mice would originate from it after a while.</p>
<p>Similarly, maggots developing in rotting meat was assumed to be evidence of spontaneous generation. However, <strong>it was later understood that worms did not appear on meat spontaneously, but were carried there by flies in the form of larvae, invisible to the naked eye.</strong></p>
<p>Even when Darwin wrote <em>The Origin of Species</em>, the belief that bacteria could come into existence from non-living matter was widely accepted in the world of science.</p>
<p>However, <strong>five years after the publication of Darwin's book, Louis Pasteur announced his results after long studies and experiments, that disproved spontaneous generation, a cornerstone of Darwin's theory. In his triumphal lecture at the Sorbonne in 1864, Pasteur said: "Never will the doctrine of spontaneous generation recover from the mortal blow struck by this simple experiment."</strong><sup>1</sup></p>
<p>For a long time, advocates of the theory of evolution resisted these findings. However, as the development of science unraveled the complex structure of the cell of a living being, the idea that life could come into being coincidentally faced an even greater impasse.</p>
<p><em><strong>Inconclusive Efforts of the Twentieth Century</strong></em></p>
<p>The first evolutionist who took up the subject of the origin of life in the twentieth century was the renowned Russian biologist Alexander Oparin. With various theses he advanced in the 1930s, he tried to prove that a living cell could originate by coincidence. These studies, however, were doomed to failure, and Oparin had to make the following confession:</p>
<p>Unfortunately, however, the problem of the origin of the cell is perhaps the most obscure point in the whole study of the evolution of organisms.<sup>2</sup></p>
<p>Evolutionist followers of Oparin tried to carry out experiments to solve this problem. The best known experiment was carried out by the American chemist Stanley Miller in 1953. Combining the gases he alleged to have existed in the primordial Earth's atmosphere in an experiment set-up, and adding energy to the mixture, Miller synthesized several organic molecules (amino acids) present in the structure of proteins.</p>
<p>Barely a few years had passed before it was revealed that <strong>this experiment, which was then presented as an important step in the name of evolution, was invalid, for the atmosphere used in the experiment was very different from the real Earth conditions.</strong><sup>3</sup></p>
<p>After a long silence, <strong>Miller confessed that the atmosphere medium he used was unrealistic.</strong><sup>4</sup></p>
<p><strong>All the evolutionists' efforts throughout the twentieth century to explain the origin of life ended in failure.</strong> The geochemist Jeffrey Bada, from the San Diego Scripps Institute accepts this fact in an article published in <em>Earth </em>magazine in 1998:</p>
<p>Today as we leave the twentieth century, we still face the biggest unsolved problem that we had when we entered the twentieth century: How did life originate on Earth?<sup>5</sup></p>
<p><em><strong>The Complex Structure of Life </strong></em></p>
<p>The primary reason why evolutionists ended up in such a great impasse regarding the origin of life is that even those living organisms Darwinists deemed to be the simplest have outstandingly complex features. The cell of a living thing is more complex than all of our man-made technological products. <strong>Today, even in the most developed laboratories of the world, no single protein of the cell, let alone a living cell itself, can be produced by bringing organic chemicals together.</strong></p>
<p>The conditions required for the formation of a cell are too great in quantity to be explained away by coincidences. However, there is no need to explain the situation with these details. Evolutionists are at a dead-end even before reaching the stage of the cell. That is because the probability of just a single protein, an essential building block of the cell, coming into being by chance is mathematically "0."</p>
<p><strong>The main reason for this is the need for other proteins to be present if one protein is to form, and this completely eradicates the possibility of chance formation. This fact by itself is sufficient to eliminate the evolutionist claim of chance right from the outset. To summarize,</strong></p>
<p><strong>1. Protein cannot be synthesized without enzymes, and enzymes are all proteins.</strong></p>
<p><strong>2. Around 100 proteins need to be present in order for a single protein to be synthesized. There therefore need to be proteins for proteins to exist. </strong></p>
<p><strong>3. DNA manufactures the protein-synthesizing enzymes. Protein cannot be synthesized without DNA. DNA is therefore also needed in order for proteins to form.</strong></p>
<p><strong>4. All the organelles in the cell have important tasks in protein synthesis. In other words, in order for proteins to form a perfect and fully functioning cell needs to exist together with all its organelles.</strong></p>
<p>The DNA molecule, which is located in the nucleus of a cell and which stores genetic information, is a magnificent databank. If the information coded in DNA were written down, it would make a giant library consisting of an estimated 900 volumes of encyclopedias consisting of 500 pages each.</p>
<p>A very interesting dilemma emerges at this point: DNA can replicate itself only with the help of some specialized proteins (enzymes). However, the synthesis of these enzymes can be realized only by the information coded in DNA. As they both depend on each other, they have to exist at the same time for replication. This brings the scenario that life originated by itself to a deadlock. Prof. Leslie Orgel, an evolutionist of repute from the University of San Diego, California, confesses this fact in the September 1994 issue of the <em>Scientific American</em> magazine:</p>
<p><strong>It is extremely improbable that proteins and nucleic acids, both of which are structurally complex, arose spontaneously in the same place at the same time. Yet</strong> it also seems impossible to have one without the other. And so, at first glance, one might have to conclude that life could never, in fact, have originated by chemical means.<sup>6</sup></p>
<p>No doubt, if it is impossible for life to have originated spontaneously as a result of blind coincidences, then it has to be accepted that life was <strong>"created."</strong> This fact explicitly invalidates the theory of evolution, whose main purpose is to deny Creation.</p>
<p><em><strong>Imaginary Mechanism of Evolution </strong></em></p>
<p>The second important point that negates Darwin's theory is that both concepts put forward by the theory as "evolutionary mechanisms" were understood to have, in reality, no evolutionary power.</p>
<p>Darwin based his evolution allegation entirely on the mechanism of "natural selection." The importance he placed on this mechanism was evident in the name of his book: The Origin of Species, By Means of Natural Selection&hellip;</p>
<p>Natural selection holds that those living things that are stronger and more suited to the natural conditions of their habitats will survive in the struggle for life. For example, in a deer herd under the threat of attack by wild animals, those that can run faster will survive. Therefore, the deer herd will be comprised of faster and stronger individuals. However, unquestionably, this mechanism will not cause deer to evolve and transform themselves into another living species, for instance, horses.</p>
<p>Therefore, <strong>the mechanism of natural selection has no evolutionary power. Darwin was also aware of this fact </strong>and had to state this in his book <em>The Origin of Species</em>:</p>
<p>Natural selection can do nothing until favorable individual differences or variations occur.<sup>7</sup></p>
<p><em><strong>Lamarck's Impact</strong></em></p>
<p>So, how could these "favorable variations" occur? Darwin tried to answer this question from the standpoint of the primitive understanding of science at that time. According to the French biologist Chevalier de Lamarck (1744-1829), who lived before Darwin, living creatures passed on the traits they acquired during their lifetime to the next generation. He asserted that these traits, which accumulated from one generation to another, caused new species to be formed. For instance, he claimed that giraffes evolved from antelopes; as they struggled to eat the leaves of high trees, their necks were extended from generation to generation.</p>
<p>Darwin also gave similar examples. In his book <em>The Origin of Species</em>, for instance, he said that some bears going into water to find food transformed themselves into whales over time.<sup>8</sup></p>
<p>However, the laws of inheritance discovered by Gregor Mendel (1822-84) and verified by the science of genetics, which flourished in the twentieth century, utterly demolished the legend that acquired traits were passed on to subsequent generations. Thus, natural selection fell out of favor as an evolutionary mechanism.</p>
<p><em><strong>Neo-Darwinism and Mutations</strong></em></p>
<p>In order to find a solution, Darwinists advanced the "Modern Synthetic Theory," or as it is more commonly known, Neo-Darwinism, at the end of the 1930s. Neo-Darwinism added mutations, which are distortions formed in the genes of living beings due to such external factors as radiation or replication errors, as the "cause of favorable variations" in addition to natural mutation.</p>
<p>Today, the model that Darwinists espouse, despite their own awareness of its scientific invalidity, is neo-Darwinism. The theory maintains that millions of living beings formed as a result of a process whereby numerous complex organs of these organisms (e.g., ears, eyes, lungs, and wings) underwent "mutations," that is, genetic disorders. Yet, there is an outright scientific fact that totally undermines this theory: <strong>Mutations do not cause living beings to develop; on the contrary, they are always harmful. </strong></p>
<p>The reason for this is very simple: <strong>DNA has a very complex structure, and random effects can only harm it. </strong>The American geneticist B. G. Ranganathan explains this as follows:</p>
<p>First, genuine mutations are very rare in nature. Secondly, most mutations are harmful since they are random, rather than orderly changes in the structure of genes; any random change in a highly ordered system will be for the worse, not for the better. For example, <strong>if an earthquake were to shake a highly ordered structure such as a building, there would be a random change in the framework of the building which, in all probability, would not be an improvement.</strong><sup>9</sup></p>
<p>Not surprisingly, no mutation example, which is useful, that is, which is observed to develop the genetic code, has been observed so far. All mutations have proved to be harmful. It was understood that mutation, which is presented as an "evolutionary mechanism," is actually a genetic occurrence that harms living things, and leaves them disabled. (The most common effect of mutation on human beings is cancer.) Of course, a destructive mechanism cannot be an "evolutionary mechanism." Natural selection, on the other hand, "can do nothing by itself," as Darwin also accepted. This fact shows us that <strong>there is no "evolutionary mechanism" in nature. </strong>Since no evolutionary mechanism exists, no such imaginary process called "evolution" could have taken place.</p>
<p><em><strong>The Fossil Record: No Sign of Intermediate Forms</strong></em></p>
<p>The clearest evidence that the scenario suggested by the theory of evolution did not take place is the fossil record.</p>
<p>According to the unscientific supposition of this theory, every living species has sprung from a predecessor. A previously existing species turned into something else over time and all species have come into being in this way. In other words, this transformation proceeds gradually over millions of years.</p>
<p>Had this been the case, numerous intermediary species should have existed and lived within this long transformation period.</p>
<p>For instance, some half-fish/half-reptiles should have lived in the past which had acquired some reptilian traits in addition to the fish traits they already had. Or there should have existed some reptile-birds, which acquired some bird traits in addition to the reptilian traits they already had. Since these would be in a transitional phase, they should be disabled, defective, crippled living beings. Evolutionists refer to these imaginary creatures, which they believe to have lived in the past, as "transitional forms."</p>
<p><strong>If such animals ever really existed, there should be millions and even billions of them in number and variety. More importantly, the remains of these strange creatures should be present in the fossil record.</strong> In <em>The Origin of Species</em>, Darwin explained:</p>
<p>If my theory be true, numberless intermediate varieties, linking most closely all of the species of the same group together must assuredly have existed... Consequently, evidence of their former existence could be found only amongst fossil remains.<sup>10</sup></p>
<p>However, <strong>Darwin was well aware that no fossils of these intermediate forms had yet been found.</strong> He regarded this as a major difficulty for his theory. In one chapter of his book titled "Difficulties on Theory," he wrote:</p>
<p><strong>Why,</strong> if species have descended from other species by insensibly fine gradations, <strong>do we not everywhere see innumerable transitional forms? Why is not all nature in confusion instead of the species being, as we see them, well defined?&hellip; But, as by this theory innumerable transitional forms must have existed, why do we not find them embedded in countless numbers in the crust of the earth?&hellip; Why then is not every geological formation and every stratum full of such intermediate links?</strong><sup>11</sup></p>
<p><em><strong>Darwin's Hopes Shattered</strong></em></p>
<p>However, although evolutionists have been making strenuous efforts to find fossils since the middle of the nineteenth century all over the world, <strong>no transitional forms have yet been uncovered.</strong> All of the fossils, contrary to the evolutionists' expectations, show that <strong>life appeared on Earth all of a sudden and fully-formed. </strong></p>
<p>One famous British paleontologist, Derek V. Ager, admits this fact, even though he is an evolutionist:</p>
<p>The point emerges that if we examine the fossil record in detail, whether at the level of orders or of species, <strong>we find &ndash; over and over again &ndash; not gradual evolution, but the sudden explosion of one group at the expense of another.</strong><sup>12</sup></p>
<p>This means that in <strong>the fossil record, all living species suddenly emerge as fully formed, without any intermediate forms in between.</strong> This is just the opposite of Darwin's assumptions. Also, this is very strong evidence that <strong>all living things are created.</strong> The only explanation of a living species emerging suddenly and complete in every detail without any evolutionary ancestor is that it was created. This fact is admitted also by the widely known evolutionist biologist Douglas Futuyma:</p>
<p>Creation and evolution, between them, exhaust the possible explanations for the origin of living things. Organisms either appeared on the earth fully developed or they did not. If they did not, they must have developed from pre-existing species by some process of modification. If they did appear in a fully developed state, they must indeed have been created by some omnipotent intelligence.<sup>13</sup></p>
<p><strong>Fossils show that living beings emerged fully developed and in a perfect state on the Earth.</strong> That means that "the origin of species," contrary to Darwin's supposition, is not evolution, but <strong>Creation.</strong></p>
<p><em><strong>The Tale of Human Evolution</strong></em></p>
<p>The subject most often brought up by advocates of the theory of evolution is the subject of the origin of man. The Darwinist claim holds that man evolved from so-called ape-like creatures. During this alleged evolutionary process, which is supposed to have started 4-5 million years ago, some "transitional forms" between man and his imaginary ancestors are supposed to have existed. According to this completely imaginary scenario, four basic "categories" are listed:</p>
<p>1. Australopithecus</p>
<p>2. Homo habilis</p>
<p>3. Homo erectus</p>
<p>4. Homo sapiens</p>
<p>Evolutionists call man's so-called first ape-like ancestors Australopithecus, which means "South African ape." These living beings are actually nothing but an old ape species that has become extinct. Extensive research done on various Australopithecus specimens by two world famous anatomists from England and the USA, namely, Lord Solly Zuckerman and Prof. Charles Oxnard, shows that these apes belonged to an ordinary ape species that became extinct and bore no resemblance to humans.<sup>14</sup></p>
<p>Evolutionists classify the next stage of human evolution as "homo," that is "man." According to their claim, the living beings in the Homo series are more developed than <em>Australopithecus.</em> Evolutionists devise a fanciful evolution scheme by arranging different fossils of these creatures in a particular order. This scheme is imaginary because it has never been proved that there is an evolutionary relation between these different classes. Ernst Mayr, one of the twentieth century's most important evolutionists, contends in his book One Long Argument that "particularly historical [puzzles] such as the origin of life or of <em>Homo sapiens</em>, are extremely difficult and may even resist a final, satisfying explanation."<sup>15</sup></p>
<p>By outlining the link chain as <em>Australopithecus</em> &gt; <em>Homo habilis</em> &gt; <em>Homo erectus</em> &gt; <em>Homo sapiens</em>, evolutionists imply that each of these species is one another's ancestor. However, recent findings of paleoanthropologists have revealed that<em> Australopithecus, Homo habilis,</em> and <em>Homo erectus </em>lived at different parts of the world at the same time.<sup>16</sup></p>
<p>Moreover, a certain segment of humans classified as Homo erectus have lived up until very modern times. <strong>Homo sapiens neandarthalensis and Homo sapiens sapiens (man) co-existed in the same region.</strong><sup>17</sup></p>
<p>This situation apparently indicates the invalidity of the claim that they are ancestors of one another. The late Stephen Jay Gould explained this deadlock of the theory of evolution although he was himself one of the leading advocates of evolution in the twentieth century:</p>
<p>What has become of our ladder if there are three coexisting lineages of hominids (A. africanus, the robust australopithecines, and H. habilis), none clearly derived from another? Moreover, none of the three display any evolutionary trends during their tenure on earth.<sup>18</sup></p>
<p>Put briefly, the scenario of human evolution, which is "upheld" with the help of various drawings of some "half ape, half human" creatures appearing in the media and course books, that is, frankly, by means of propaganda, is nothing but <strong>a tale with no scientific foundation. </strong></p>
<p>Lord Solly Zuckerman, one of the most famous and respected scientists in the U.K., who carried out research on this subject for years and studied Australopithecus fossils for 15 years, finally concluded, despite being an evolutionist himself, <strong>that there is, in fact, no such family tree branching out from ape-like creatures to man. </strong></p>
<p>Zuckerman also made an interesting "spectrum of science" ranging from those he considered scientific to those he considered unscientific. According to Zuckerman's spectrum, the most "scientific"&mdash;that is, depending on concrete data&mdash;fields of science are chemistry and physics. After them come the biological sciences and then the social sciences. At the far end of the spectrum, which is the part considered to be most "unscientific," are "extra-sensory perception"&mdash;concepts such as telepathy and sixth sense&mdash;and finally "human evolution." Zuckerman explains his reasoning:</p>
<p>We then move right off the register of objective truth into those fields of presumed biological science, like extrasensory perception or the interpretation of man's fossil history, where to the faithful [evolutionist] anything is possible &ndash; and where the ardent believer [in evolution] is sometimes able to believe several contradictory things at the same time.<sup>19</sup></p>
<p><strong>The tale of human evolution</strong> boils down to nothing but the prejudiced interpretations of some fossils unearthed by certain people, who blindly adhere to their theory.</p>
<p><em><strong>Darwinian Formula!</strong></em></p>
<p>Besides all the technical evidence we have dealt with so far, let us now for once, examine what kind of a superstition the evolutionists have with an example so simple as to be understood even by children:</p>
<p>The theory of evolution asserts that life is formed by chance. According to this irrational claim, lifeless and unconscious atoms came together to form the cell and then they somehow formed other living things, including man. Let us think about that. When we bring together the elements that are the building-blocks of life such as carbon, phosphorus, nitrogen and potassium, only a heap is formed. No matter what treatments it undergoes, this atomic heap cannot form even a single living being. If you like, let us formulate an "experiment" on this subject and let us examine on the behalf of evolutionists what they really claim without pronouncing loudly under the name <strong>"Darwinian formula":</strong></p>
<p>Let evolutionists put plenty of materials present in the composition of living things such as phosphorus, nitrogen, carbon, oxygen, iron, and magnesium into big barrels. Moreover, let them add in these barrels any material that does not exist under normal conditions, but they think as necessary. Let them add in this mixture as many amino acids and as many proteins&mdash;a single one of which can by no means form by chance&mdash; as they like. Let them expose these mixtures to as much heat and moisture as they like. Let them stir these with whatever technologically developed device they like. Let them put the foremost scientists beside these barrels. Let these experts wait in turn beside these barrels for billions, and even trillions of years. Let them be free to use all kinds of conditions they believe to be necessary for a human's formation. No matter what they do, they cannot produce from these barrels a human, say a professor that examines his cell structure under the electron microscope. They cannot produce giraffes, lions, bees, canaries, horses, dolphins, roses, orchids, lilies, carnations, bananas, oranges, apples, dates, tomatoes, melons, watermelons, figs, olives, grapes, peaches, peafowls, pheasants, multicolored butterflies, or millions of other living beings such as these. Indeed, they could not obtain even a single cell of any one of them.</p>
<p>Briefly, <strong>unconscious atoms cannot form the cell </strong>by coming together. They cannot take a new decision and divide this cell into two, then take other decisions and create the professors who first invent the electron microscope and then examine their own cell structure under that microscope. <strong>Matter is an unconscious, lifeless heap, and it comes to life with Allah's superior creation. </strong></p>
<p>The theory of evolution, which claims the opposite, is a total fallacy completely contrary to reason. Thinking even a little bit on the claims of evolutionists discloses this reality, just as in the above example.</p>
<p><em><strong>Technology in the Eye and the Ear</strong></em></p>
<p>Another subject that remains unanswered by evolutionary theory is the excellent quality of perception in the eye and the ear.</p>
<p>Before passing on to the subject of the eye, let us briefly answer the question of how we see. Light rays coming from an object fall oppositely on the eye's retina. Here, these light rays are transmitted into electric signals by cells and reach a tiny spot at the back of the brain, the "center of vision." These electric signals are perceived in this center as an image after a series of processes. With this technical background, let us do some thinking.</p>
<p><strong>The brain is insulated from light. </strong>That means that its inside is completely dark, and that no light reaches the place where it is located. Thus, the "center of vision" is never touched by light and may even be the darkest place you have ever known. However, you observe a luminous, bright world in this pitch darkness.</p>
<p><strong>The image formed in the eye is so sharp and distinct that even the technology of the twentieth century has not been able to attain it.</strong> For instance, look at the book you are reading, your hands with which you are holding it, and then lift your head and look around you. Have you ever seen such a sharp and distinct image as this one at any other place? Even the most developed television screen produced by the greatest television producer in the world cannot provide such a sharp image for you. This is a three-dimensional, colored, and extremely sharp image. For more than 100 years, thousands of engineers have been trying to achieve this sharpness. Factories, huge premises were established, much research has been done, plans and designs have been made for this purpose. Again, look at a TV screen and the book you hold in your hands. You will see that there is a big difference in sharpness and distinction. Moreover, the TV screen shows you a two-dimensional image, whereas with your eyes, you watch a three-dimensional perspective with depth.</p>
<p>For many years, tens of thousands of engineers have tried to make a three-dimensional TV and achieve the vision quality of the eye. Yes, they have made a three-dimensional television system, but it is not possible to watch it without putting on special 3-D glasses; moreover, it is only an artificial three-dimension. The background is more blurred, the foreground appears like a paper setting. Never has it been possible to produce a sharp and distinct vision like that of the eye. In both the camera and the television, there is a loss of image quality.</p>
<p>Evolutionists claim that the mechanism producing this sharp and distinct image has been formed by chance. Now, if somebody told you that the television in your room was formed as a result of chance, that all of its atoms just happened to come together and make up this device that produces an image, what would you think? How can atoms do what thousands of people cannot?</p>
<p>If a device producing a more primitive image than <strong>the eye could not have been formed by chance, </strong>then it is very evident that the eye and the image seen by the eye could not have been formed by chance. The same situation applies to the ear. The outer ear picks up the available sounds by the auricle and directs them to the middle ear, the middle ear transmits the sound vibrations by intensifying them, and the inner ear sends these vibrations to the brain by translating them into electric signals. Just as with the eye, the act of hearing finalizes in the center of hearing in the brain.</p>
<p>The situation in the eye is also true for the ear. That is,<strong> the brain is insulated from sound </strong>just as it is from light. It does not let any sound in. Therefore, no matter how noisy is the outside, the inside of the brain is completely silent. Nevertheless, the sharpest sounds are perceived in the brain. <strong>In your completely silent brain, you listen to symphonies, and hear all of the noises in a crowded place. However, were the sound level in your brain measured by a precise device at that moment, complete silence would be found to be prevailing there. </strong></p>
<p>As is the case with imagery, decades of effort have been spent in trying to generate and reproduce sound that is faithful to the original. The results of these efforts are sound recorders, high-fidelity systems, and systems for sensing sound. Despite all of this technology and the thousands of engineers and experts who have been working on this endeavor, no sound has yet been obtained that has the same sharpness and clarity as the sound perceived by the ear. Think of the highest-quality hi-fi systems produced by the largest company in the music industry. Even in these devices, when sound is recorded some of it is lost; or when you turn on a hi-fi you always hear a hissing sound before the music starts. However, the sounds that are the products of the human body's technology are extremely sharp and clear. A human ear never perceives a sound accompanied by a hissing sound or with atmospherics as does a hi-fi; rather, it perceives sound exactly as it is, sharp and clear. This is the way it has been since<strong> the creation of man.</strong></p>
<p>So far, no man-made visual or recording apparatus has been as sensitive and successful in perceiving sensory data as are the eye and the ear. However, as far as seeing and hearing are concerned, a far greater truth lies beyond all this.</p>
<p><em><strong>To Whom Does the Consciousness that Sees and Hears within the Brain Belong? </strong></em></p>
<p>Who watches an alluring world in the brain, listens to symphonies and the twittering of birds, and smells the rose?</p>
<p>The stimulations coming from a person's eyes, ears, and nose travel to the brain as electro-chemical nerve impulses. In biology, physiology, and biochemistry books, you can find many details about how this image forms in the brain. However, you will never come across the most important fact: Who perceives these electro-chemical nerve impulses as images, sounds, odors, and sensory events in the brain? <strong>There is a consciousness in the brain that perceives all this without feeling any need for an eye, an ear, and a nose.</strong> To whom does this consciousness belong? Of course it does not belong to the nerves, the fat layer, and neurons comprising the brain. This is why Darwinist-materialists, who believe that everything is comprised of matter, cannot answer these questions.</p>
<p>For <strong>this consciousness is the spirit created by Allah, </strong>which needs neither the eye to watch the images nor the ear to hear the sounds. Furthermore, it does not need the brain to think.</p>
<p>Everyone who reads this explicit and scientific fact should ponder on Almighty Allah, and fear and seek refuge in Him, for He squeezes the entire universe in a pitch-dark place of a few cubic centimeters in a three-dimensional, colored, shadowy, and luminous form.</p>
<p><em><strong>A Materialist Faith</strong></em></p>
<p>The information we have presented so far shows us that<strong> the theory of evolution is incompatible with scientific findings. </strong>The theory's claim regarding the origin of life is inconsistent with science, the evolutionary mechanisms it proposes have no evolutionary power, and fossils demonstrate that <strong>the required intermediate forms have never existed. </strong>So, it certainly follows that the theory of evolution should be pushed aside as an unscientific idea. This is how many ideas, such as the Earth-centered universe model, have been taken out of the agenda of science throughout history.</p>
<p>However, the theory of evolution is kept on the agenda of science. Some people even try to represent criticisms directed against it as an "attack on science." Why?</p>
<p>The reason is that this theory is an indispensable dogmatic belief for some circles. These circles are <strong>blindly devoted</strong> to materialist philosophy and adopt Darwinism because it is the only materialist explanation that can be put forward to explain the workings of nature.</p>
<p>Interestingly enough, they also confess this fact from time to time. A well-known geneticist and an outspoken evolutionist, Richard C. Lewontin from Harvard University, confesses that he is "first and foremost a materialist and then a scientist":</p>
<p>It is not that the methods and institutions of science somehow compel us accept a material explanation of the phenomenal world, but, on the contrary, that we are forced by our a priori adherence to material causes to create an apparatus of investigation and a set of concepts that produce material explanations, no matter how counter-intuitive, no matter how mystifying to the uninitiated. Moreover, that materialism is absolute, so we cannot allow a Divine [intervention]...<sup>20</sup></p>
<p>These are explicit statements that <strong>Darwinism is a dogma</strong> kept alive just for the sake of adherence to materialism. This dogma maintains that there is no being save matter. Therefore, it argues that inanimate, unconscious matter brought life into being. It insists that millions of different living species (e.g., birds, fish, giraffes, tigers, insects, trees, flowers, whales, and human beings) originated as a result of the interactions between matter such as pouring rain, lightning flashes, and so on, out of inanimate matter. This is a precept contrary both to reason and science. Yet Darwinists continue to ignorantly defend it just so as not to acknowledge, in their own eyes, the evident existence of Allah.</p>
<p>Anyone who does not look at the origin of living beings with a materialist prejudice sees this evident truth: <strong>All living beings are works of a Creator, </strong>Who is All-Powerful, All-Wise, and All-Knowing. <strong>This Creator is Allah, </strong>Who created the whole universe from non-existence, in the most perfect form, and fashioned all living beings.</p>
<p><em><strong>The Theory of Evolution: The Most Potent Spell in the World </strong></em></p>
<p>Anyone free of prejudice and the influence of any particular ideology, who uses only his or her reason and logic, will clearly understand that belief in the theory of evolution, which brings to mind the superstitions of societies with no knowledge of science or civilization, is quite impossible.</p>
<p>As explained above, those who believe in the theory of evolution think that a few atoms and molecules thrown into a huge vat could produce thinking, reasoning professors and university students; such scientists as Einstein and Galileo; such artists as Humphrey Bogart, Frank Sinatra and Luciano Pavarotti; as well as antelopes, lemon trees, and carnations. Moreover, as the scientists and professors who believe in this nonsense are educated people, it is quite justifiable to speak of this theory as "the most potent spell in history." Never before has any other belief or idea so taken away peoples' powers of reason, refused to allow them to think intelligently and logically, and hidden the truth from them as if they had been blindfolded. This is an even worse and unbelievable blindness than the totem worship in some parts of Africa, the people of Saba worshipping the Sun, the tribe of the Prophet Abraham (pbuh) worshipping idols they had made with their own hands, or some among the people of the Prophet Moses (pbuh) worshipping the Golden Calf.</p>
<p>In fact, Allah has pointed to this lack of reason in the Qur'an. In many verses, He reveals that some peoples' minds will be closed and that they will be powerless to see the truth. Some of these verses are as follows:</p>
<p><strong>As for those who do not believe, it makes no difference to them whether you warn them or do not warn them, they will not believe. Allah has sealed up their hearts and hearing and over their eyes is a blindfold. They will have a terrible punishment. (Surat al-Baqara, 6-7)</strong></p>
<p>&hellip; <strong>They have hearts with which they do not understand. They have eyes with which they do not see. They have ears with which they do not hear. Such people are like cattle. No, they are even further astray! They are the unaware. (Surat al-A'raf, 179)</strong></p>
<p><strong>Even if We opened up to them a door into heaven, and they spent the day ascending through it, they would only say: "Our eyesight is befuddled! Or rather we have been put under a spell!" (Surat al-Hijr, 14-15) </strong></p>
<p>Words cannot express just how astonishing it is that this spell should hold such a wide community in thrall, keep people from the truth, and not be broken for 150 years. It is understandable that one or a few people might believe in impossible scenarios and claims full of stupidity and illogicality. However, "magic" is the only possible explanation for people from all over the world believing that unconscious and lifeless atoms suddenly decided to come together and form a universe that functions with a flawless system of organization, discipline, reason, and consciousness; a planet named Earth with all of its features so perfectly suited to life; and living things full of countless complex systems.</p>
<p>In fact, in the Qur'an Allah relates the incident of the Prophet Moses (pbuh) and Pharaoh to show that some people who support atheistic philosophies actually influence others by magic. When Pharaoh was told about the true religion, he told the Prophet Moses (pbuh) to meet with his own magicians. When the Prophet Moses (pbuh) did so, he told them to demonstrate their abilities first. The verses continue:</p>
<p><strong>He said: "You throw." And when they threw, they cast a spell on the people's eyes and caused them to feel great fear of them. They produced an extremely powerful magic. (Surat al-A'raf, 116)</strong></p>
<p>As we have seen, Pharaoh's magicians were able to deceive everyone, apart from the Prophet Moses (pbuh) and those who believed in him. However, his evidence broke the spell, or "swallowed up what they had forged," as revealed in the verse:</p>
<p><strong>We revealed to Moses: "Throw down your staff." And it immediately swallowed up what they had forged. So the Truth took place and what they did was shown to be false. (Surat al-A'raf, 117-118)</strong></p>
<p>As we can see, when people realized that a spell had been cast upon them and that what they saw was just an illusion, Pharaoh's magicians lost all credibility. In the present day too, unless those who, under the influence of a similar spell, believe in these ridiculous claims under their scientific disguise and spend their lives defending them, abandon their superstitious beliefs, they also will be humiliated when the full truth emerges and the spell is broken. In fact, world-renowned British writer and philosopher Malcolm Muggeridge, who was an atheist defending evolution for some 60 years, but who subsequently realized the truth, reveals the position in which the theory of evolution would find itself in the near future in these terms:</p>
<p>I myself am convinced that<strong> the theory of evolution</strong>, especially the extent to which it's been applied, <strong>will be one of the great jokes in the history books in the future.</strong> Posterity will marvel that so very flimsy and dubious an hypothesis could be accepted with the incredible credulity that it has.<sup>21</sup></p>
<p>That future is not far off: On the contrary, people will soon see that "chance" is not a deity, and will look back on <strong>the theory of evolution as the worst deceit and the most terrible spell in the world. </strong>That spell is already rapidly beginning to be lifted from the shoulders of people all over the world. Many people who see its true face are wondering with amazement how they could ever have been taken in by it.</p>
<p><strong>They said 'Glory be to You! We have no knowledge except what You have taught us. You are the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.' (Surat al-Baqara: 32)</strong></p>
<p><strong>NOTES</strong></p>
<p>1. Sidney Fox, Klaus Dose, Molecular Evolution and The Origin of Life, W. H. Freeman and Company, San Francisco, 1972, p. 4.</p>
<p>2. Alexander I. Oparin, Origin of Life, Dover Publications, NewYork, 1936, 1953 (reprint), p. 196.</p>
<p>3. "New Evidence on Evolution of Early Atmosphere and Life," Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society, vol 63, November 1982, 1328-1330.</p>
<p>4. Stanley Miller, Molecular Evolution of Life: Current Status of the Prebiotic Synthesis of Small Molecules, 1986, p. 7.</p>
<p>5. Jeffrey Bada, Earth, February 1998, p. 40.</p>
<p>6. Leslie E. Orgel, "The Origin of Life on Earth," Scientific American, vol. 271, October 1994, p. 78.</p>
<p>7. Charles Darwin, The Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection, The Modern Library, New York, p. 127.</p>
<p>8. Charles Darwin, The Origin of Species: A Facsimile of the First Edition, Harvard University Press, 1964, p. 184.</p>
<p>9. B. G. Ranganathan, Origins?, Pennsylvania: The Banner of Truth Trust, 1988, p. 7.</p>
<p>10. Charles Darwin, The Origin of Species: A Facsimile of the First Edition, p. 179.</p>
<p>11. Charles Darwin, The Origin of Species, p. 172.</p>
<p>12. Derek A. Ager, "The Nature of the Fossil Record," Proceedings of the British Geological Association, vol 87, 1976, p. 133.</p>
<p>13. Douglas J. Futuyma, Science on Trial, Pantheon Books, New York, 1983, p. 197.</p>
<p>14. Solly Zuckerman, Beyond The Ivory Tower, Toplinger Publications, New York, 1970, 75-14; Charles E. Oxnard, "The Place of Australopithecines in Human Evolution: Grounds for Doubt", Nature, vol 258, 389.</p>
<p>15. "Could science be brought to an end by scientists' belief that they have final answers or by society's reluctance to pay the bills?" Scientific American, December 1992, p. 20.</p>
<p>16. Alan Walker, Science, vol. 207, 7 March 1980, p. 1103; A. J. Kelso, Physical Antropology, 1st ed., J. B. Lipincott Co., New York, 1970, p. 221; M. D. Leakey, Olduvai Gorge, vol. 3, Cambridge University Press, Cambridge, 1971, p. 272.</p>
<p>17. Jeffrey Kluger, "Not So Extinct After All: The Primitive Homo Erectus May Have Survived Long Enough To Coexist With Modern Humans," Time, 23 December 1996.</p>
<p>18. S. J. Gould, Natural History, vol. 85, 1976, p. 30.</p>
<p>19. Solly Zuckerman, Beyond The Ivory Tower, p. 19.</p>
<p>20. Richard Lewontin, "The Demon-Haunted World," The New York Review of Books, January 9, 1997, p. 28.</p>
<p>21. Malcolm Muggeridge, The End of Christendom, Grand Rapids: Eerdmans, 1980, p. 43.</p>
<p>s.53</p>
<p>He is Allah in the heavens and in the earth. He knows what you keep secret and what you make public and He knows what you earn. (Surat al-An'am, 3)</p>
<p>s.56</p>
<p>Charles Darwin</p>
<p>s.58</p>
<p>The French biologist Louis Pasteur</p>
<p>s.61</p>
<p>One of the facts nullifying the theory of evolution is the astonishingly complex structure of life. The DNA molecule located in the nucleus of cells of living beings is an example of this. The DNA is a sort of databank formed of the arrangement of four different molecules in different sequences. This databank contains the codes of all the physical traits of that living being. When the human DNA is put into writing, it is calculated that this would result in an encyclopedia made up of 900 volumes. Unquestionably, such extraordinary information definitively refutes the concept of coincidence.</p>
<p>s.63</p>
<p>Natural selection only selects out the disfigured, weak, or unfit individuals of a species. It cannot produce new species, new genetic information, or new organs.</p>
<p>s.65</p>
<p>antenna</p>
<p>eyes</p>
<p>leg</p>
<p>mouth</p>
<p>Since the beginning of the century, evolutionists have been trying to produce mutations in fruit flies, and give this as an example for beneficial mutation. However, the only result obtained at the end of these efforts that lasted for decades were disfigured, diseased and defective flies. Above is the head of a normal fruit fly and on the right is the head of a mutated fruit fly.</p>
<p>s.68</p>
<p>LIVING FOSSILS REFUTE EVOLUTION</p>
<p>Fossils are proof that evolution never happened. As the fossil record reveals, living things suddenly appeared together with all the characteristics they possess, and they never undergo the slightest change so long as they remain in existence. Fish have always existed as fish, insects as insects, and reptiles as reptiles. There is no scientific validity to the claim that species emerged gradually.</p>
<p>Sun Fish</p>
<p>Period: Eocene</p>
<p>Age: 54-37 million years</p>
<p>Crane Fly</p>
<p>Period: Eocene</p>
<p>Age: 48-37 million years</p>
<p>Sea Urchin</p>
<p>Period: Carboniferous</p>
<p>Age: 295 million years</p>
<p>s.70</p>
<p>Starfish</p>
<p>Period: Ordovician</p>
<p>Age: 490-443 million years</p>
<p>Birch Tree Leaf</p>
<p>Period: Eocene</p>
<p>Age: 50 million years</p>
<p>Cicada</p>
<p>Period: Cretaceous</p>
<p>Age: 125 million years</p>
<p>Sequoia Leaf</p>
<p>Period: Eocene</p>
<p>Age: 50 million years</p>
<p>s.71</p>
<p>FALSE</p>
<p>Evolutionist newspapers and magazines often print pictures of imaginary &ldquo;primitive&rdquo; man. The only available source for these pictures is the imagination of the artist. Evolutionary theory has been so dented by scientific data that today we see less and less of it in the serious press.</p>
<p><strong>BACK COVER</strong></p>
<p>As promised by our Lord, those who have faith and do good works will inherit the earth. The moral values of Islam, the source of love, peace and security, will rule the world and all superstitious beliefs and philosophies will disappear. Our Almighty Lord will make the Prophet Jesus (pbuh) and Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) His instruments in this glorious and blessed dominion.</p>
<p>It is clear from the way that hundreds of trustworthy hadiths handed down from our Prophet (saas) have all been coming true, one after the other, as of Hijri 1400 (1979) that we are living in the End Times and that Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) has appeared. The Golden Age of the Mahdi (pbuh), when the whole world will enjoy peace, well-being, friendship, security, freedom and happiness, is imminent.</p>
<p>The time of the Mahdi (pbuh), revealed in verses pointing to the global dominion of the moral values of Islam, is a reality also set out in other Holy Scriptures. The Torah, the Psalms and the Gospel contain detailed references to the End Times and the Mahdi (pbuh) that are completely compatible with the hadiths and the Qur'an.</p>
<p>This book contains the verses of the Qur'an and extracts from other Holy Scriptures referring to the coming of Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh). This age, foretold in the Qur'an, the Torah, the Psalms and the Gospel, is very glad tidings for true believers. Almighty Allah will make the Prophet Jesus (pbuh) and Hazrat Mahdi (pbuh) His instruments in bringing about the dominion of the true faith and showing the world His might and greatness.</p>
<p><strong>ABOUT THE AUTHOR</strong></p>
<p>Adnan Oktar, who writes under the pen-name Harun Yahya, was born in Ankara in 1956. Since the 1980s, the author has published many books on faith-related, scientific and political issues. He is well-known as the author of important works disclosing the imposture of evolutionists, their invalid claims, and the dark liaisons between Darwinism and such bloody ideologies as fascism and communism.</p>
<p>All of the author's works share one single goal: to convey the Qur'an's message, encourage readers to consider basic faith-related issues such as Allah's existence and unity and the Hereafter; and to expose irreligious systems' feeble foundations and perverted ideologies. His more than 300 works, translated into 72 different languages, enjoy a wide readership across the world.</p>
<p>By the will of Allah, the books of Harun Yahya will be a means through which people in the twenty-first century will attain the peace, justice, and happiness promised in the Qur'an.</p>
<div>
<p><em><a href="#sdfootnote1anc">1</a> Abjad value is; a decimal system in which the 28 letters of the Arabic alphabet are given numerical values.</em></p>
</div>
<div>
<p><em><a href="#sdfootnote2anc">2</a>Babylon: The name of an ancient city near Baghdad, the capital of modern-day Iraq.</em></p>
</div>
<div>
<p><em><a href="#sdfootnote3anc">3</a>Babylon: The name of an ancient city near Baghdad, the capital of today's Iraq.</em></p>
</div>
